Create ui-c8y-1021-0-0-remove-i-labels-interface-7239.md (#2586)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1021-0-0-remove-i-labels-interface-7239.md

---
date: ""

> title: Remove ILabels interface (#7239)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following title:
```suggestion
title: Remove deprecated ILabels interface
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-QHu1GdukP
    label: Feature
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-34821
version: 1021.0.0
---

> Remove ILabels interface (#7239)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following body:
```suggestion
The ILabels interface has been removed. Use ModalLabels interface instead.
```

Reviewer: Seems there is issue with the description. Never heard of the Bosch Iot Things services being used in C8y

ticket: MTM-34821
version: 1021.0.0
---

> The ILabels interface has been removed. Use ModalLabels interface instead.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The deprecated ILabels interface has been removed. Instead, the ModalLabels interface is used.
```

Reviewer 2: Has been removed from wehere? From the Web SDK?

Reviewer 3: yes, it was removed from the Web SDK

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The deprecated ILabels interface has been removed from the Web SDK. Instead, the ModalLabels interface is used.
```
?
